Episode 1 starts (Early 1 YW)

Jahin and his friends break the vampire hold over Genesis. Failing to persuade the elders on fleeing north, Jahin and his small group of friends leave the city. While journeying north, they meet Igor and help him against orcs. After resting at the goblin village, they set out once again. After four days, they arrive at a forest. They are met by two female mages and rid the forest of vampires and orcs. They resume their journey again and manage to enter the Academy's isle. During the march, they meet Kojac and agree to help him. The Academy refuses to aid Jahin and his friends and they decide to return home. Ashhab stays to study magic. Before beginning the journey home, Krog, one of Jahin's friends, suggests finding the trolls and asking them for help. They arrive at a mountain cave and enter it. While in the caves, they encounter undead and trolls. They converse with the trolls and agree to eliminate their undead problem. They enter the nest and defeat the Cursed Emperor Kaliban. With the undead defeated, the trolls are now your allies. But the war worsens as orcs are now allied with the Northern legionaries, so trolls are unable to help Jahin directly. Jahin and et el now set out to gain the aid of drakes. Kojac, the two loyal orcs and the wolf riders stay behind with the trolls. Krog and Nog, the trolls also stay behind as they had not seen another troll in years.

Escorted by a few trolls, Jahin and the rest arrive at a battlefield, where orcs and drakes are savagely fighting each other. Aiding and impressing the drakes with their skills, the heroes are awarded an audience with the great dragon, Kor Vas. Kor Vas, at first, is unwilling to help them. Jahin, eager to prove themselves worthy of being allies, request to be sent  on quests and prove themselves. The first quest is to defend the desert coastline from endless waves of nagas. The second one is to retrieve the Orb of Power. Jahin and friends arrive at the Forest of Fear, where they face the Faerie Queen, and her woody minions. They retrieve the orb and bring it before the great dragon. During their exploration of the forest, Jahin and Ariana unknowingly drink the Potion of Immortality. Kor Vas accepts them as allies. The drakes and saurians begin coordinated attacks on orcs and reduce pressure on the trolls. Mahir volunteers to go and notify the trolls of their alliance with the drakes and saurians. The next six months are spent on relentlessly attacking the orcs. The scouts return with a report of a human inhabited coast to the East. Jahin and Ariana decide to journey under the mountains and head there. They decide to investigate a particular cave near the saurians' swamp.

While exploring the cave system, they encounter the Queen of Webs defeat her in battle. They also find an abandoned elvish fortress and decide to investigate the caves further. After some time, they arrive at the mouth of a vast underground complex and are stunned to find the place sustaining a forest. They venture into the forest and are ambushed by elves. After convincing the elves that they pose no harm, Jahin and Ariana are taken to meet the Elvish Lord Morfin and his daughter Gioviel. They tell the elves of their cause, and the elves are tempted to join in exchange for destroying the undead menace and another condition, which they were about to tell, but a call-to-arms is heard, and the meeting is cut short. Jahin and Ariana decide to help the elves against the undead. They face the legions of Lord Zenthos and a heavy battle ensues. At first the elves are winning, but Lord Zenthos casts a spell and destroys all elementals in the area, but for some reason Gioviel's elementals are unharmed. Ariana is powerless and the allies start to lose. After a while, the orb is brought by loyal soldiers of Kor Vas and suddenly it explodes, dealing catastrophic damage to the undead and weakening Lord Zenthos. The allies gain the upper hand and start to scatter the undead. Zenthos is defeated, and retreats. Jahin and Ariana, together with some elves pursue the lich and later destroy him. When the lich is destroyed a passage to the eastern side of the mountain is revealed. 

Jahin and Ariana proceed to the other side. They emerge into a small and woody mountain plateau; and are met with scouts of the Aragwaithi. They are request to be taken to the leader of the Aragwaithi. The request is granted and the heroes meet Lord Warren. After hearing the Aragwaithi's backstory, Jahin speaks about their cause and his list of current allies. The Aragwaith lord is impressed and offer their aid, if Jahin helps them conquer the vampire city of  Azorgath. After a good night's rest, they attack the city and manage to conquer it. With the entire North unified, Jahin and the other leaders make plans for their attacks.

The allies decide to kill the orc high chieftain and place Kojac as the new chieftain, as this will ultimately lead to the orcs being allies. Drakes, saurians, together with Jahin and friends attack the orcish fort of Garshak, and help Krog reach the trolls. The battle was harsh, but the allies secured the fort. Kojac suggests advancing to capture the Northern gates - The entrance to the orcish homeland. Leaving the drakes to defend the fort, the trolls venture underground whilst Jahin and his friends, alongside the elves attack the northern gates. The orcs were caught at an untimely moment resulting in the allies victory. The allies rest for the winter and attack the orcish capital, Gartok, as spring approaches. They met Chief Barus, the high chief among the orcs. As the battle is about to begin, the legionaries persuade Barus on departing to Cavan, the western orcish city. The high chief leaves, and a battle between the orcs and allies begin. It was an epic battle, but the allies prevailed. Kojac manages to gain control of the orcs. A messenger arrives informing that the drakes must leave to defend their western city from legion attacks. The saurians return to the fort, while the trolls and elves defend the capital. Jahin and his friends, accompanied by Kojac's orcs march to Korutag - the eastern orcish city. The arrival of the allies have notified the shamans and they prepare an army of ogres and goblins to demolish them. The allies are, at first outnumbered but win with heavy losses. The shamans meet Kojac, and they declare Kojac as the new sovereign among the orcs after a heated debate. With the ogres, goblin, saurians, orcs and trolls marching beside them, Jahin and friends head straight towards Cavan. The allies encamp at a hilly forest between Cavan and Gartok, and make plans for the upcoming battle. During the night, the alliance leaders are ambushed by assassins. The assassins seem to have the upper hand at first, but a shroud of darkness suddenly engulfs and kills them. A mysterious stranger then walks out of some nearby trees and introduces himself as Morin, a human adventurer. The others soon arrive, and the newcomer is allowed to join them. The allies attack Cavan the following day and managed, with great difficulty, to slay Barus. The Legionaries retreat, and the orcs submit to Kojac, With the orcs, ogres and goblins as allies, Jahin, with the allied leaders visit the Academy. They mention their recent achievements, but still fail to persuade the Elemental Wizards to help them. New battle plans are made, and the assault on Genesis is finally initialised.

Two months after the conquering of Cavan, the allies attack Genesis. Jahin is shocked to find that his best friend, Mahir, had betrayed them and joined the vampires. Many humans under the command of Monir, Jahin's father, had also joined the vampires. Jahin, at first feels discouraged by having to fight his fellow countrymen, but is encouraged by Ariana and his friends to fight. In spite of being overpowered Jahin with the help of  the trolls, manages to break into the mountain prison and free the rebels who willingly join Jahin. Mahir challenges Jahin to a duel and a battle between brothers follow. Jahin manages to unarm Mahir, but Mahir picks up sword, stabs himself and asks for forgiveness with his last breath. Monir challenges his son with a duel to see who is more fit to lead the humans. Jahin prevails. The vampires are defeated and Genesis is finally freed from its vampiric occupation. As soon as the last vampire is killed, messengers arrive with the information that Cavan is attacked by the Legions. Kojac leaves. Krog also  departs as his homes attacked by an unknown enemy. This leaves only the elves and the humans to defend Genesis. Three days after the capture of Genesis, Jahin and the rest find themselves besieged by the vampires and their allies to the East, a new enemy, the Army of Chaos to the West and Vaddyn to the North. Sage Vaddyn explains that there is dark future ahead and Jahin must be killed to prevent it from happening. The allies discard the sage's words and prepare defences. As things couldn't get any more worse, Morin betrays them and reveals his true identity as the Dark Elementalist Mor-Inal. Mor-Inal reveals that Jahin and Ariana had accidentally drank the potion of Immortality which he desired greatly. Mor-Inal seeking revenge for not gaining eternal life, uses his magic to kill Ariana and summon his minions to decimate Genesis. As Ariana dies, she tells Jahin her true feelings. Jahin reciprocates. After two days of constant fighting, the vampires and their allies withdraw as they receive a message that their frontiers are attacked. Vaddyn retreat as his strength is diminished. The Army of Chaos ceases attacking and their leader appears. The Demoness Lady summons a tornado that tosses Maruful into the air and makes him land in the Army camp. The Chaos army then retreat saying that they got what they needed. Mor-Inal teleports away, but curses Genesis with the Haunts of the Night before leaving. After half an hour, Kraag returns. The drake says that the elvish reinforcements under Gioviel are delayed due to the attacks of the Academy and they request help. Jahin decides that he would take a tenth of the Genesis army north while the rest remained with the elves to defend Genesis.

Episode 2 (Late 2 YW)

Jahin, Affan and Kraag arrive at the former location of the Misty Forest, now a desolate wood of dead trees. They see a remnant of vampires and kill every single one of them as an act of retribution for their fallen kinsmen. A few days later they are only a day's march away from the Academy and find the Elemental Masters Arvith, Rhodes and Gioviel, along with the elves in a heated battle. The Genesis army intervenes and the battle is won by the allies, though many elves perish due to the storm elementalist's wrath. Gioviel, determined to end the Academy's attacks on the allies and also for personal revenge, persuades Jahin to storm into the Academy and destroy it. Jahin is at first, reluctant, but agrees when Affan reminds him that their friend Ashhab is still imprisoned there. Jahin and Gioviel along with some humans enter the Academy. They fight elementals and eventually reach the library. They find an imprisoned Ashhab and free him. Gioviel also finds a book of ancient spells. Ashhab, now, a mage versed well in the magic of the storms willingly agrees to help. They then enter the main hall, which is the only way to the keep. They face Mistress Emma, the elementalist of nature. She asks of about Ariana, revealing to be her grandmother. After hearing Jahin's answer, she is furious and summons the Guardians of Earth to decimate the allies, the allies prevail, but they lose a considerable number of their soldiers. They then advance to the keep. When they break down the doors they find that Vaddyn is waiting for them. Vaddyn summons the most powerful of all elementals to finish off the heroes. When the allies realised that there is no hope of winning, Gioviel sends the others away while she and the remaining elves stay and fight. Before leaving, Jahin is given the book by Gioviel, saying to give it to Lord Morfin and adding that it may contain the answers to their underground problem. Jahin, Affan and the others escape in the last possible moment to see the Academy vanish away in a bright ray of light. Jahin explains to Lord Morfin of what had transpired inside and Gioviel is presumed dead. As the allies and elves are about to return to Genesis, Greth, a drake glider, arrives and requests aid. The allies learn that Kor Vas has been slain and the drakes entered into a civil war for supremacy. Fearing that a civil war might tear down the alliance from the inside, Jahin and the humans go north, while Lord Morfin returns to the Last Forest with the book. The remaining elves along with Ashhab are sent to reinforce Genesis.

The allies arrive inside the camp of Gashinar, one of the five high dominants, while he is fighting another dominant. A council is held afterwards and Jahin explains that the drakes must be remain together to stop the advance of the legion and their allies. The following month is spent in the northern deserts fighting the drakes, placing Gashinar as the new dominant and confronting the Legion army. The drakes then attack the Forest of Fear and find that Kojac and his orcs as well as Krog and his trolls are fighting there. It is seen that there is a magical portal in the forest that is connected to the vampires homelands. This explained the appearance of the Woodlanders during the siege of Genesis. The allies prevailed due to greater tactical positions, but the woodlanders erase the markings of the portal preventing it to be used by the allies. Kojac and Gashinar, have their troops burn down the forest. Jahin and Lord Gashinar then arrive at the ruins of Sil and find Mor-Inal there and the elementalist uses his powers to resurrect Kor Vas. The Skeletal dragon is huge but the allies manage to conquer it. With the North stabilised, the humans begin the return journey to Genesis. They arrive in Genesis during winter and face the effects of Mor-Inal's curse. The entire city is surrounded by the resurrected dead of the past defenders every night. The friends meet in council and it is revealed by Ashhab that an artefact called the White Sapphire is required to remove the curse. Ashhab tells everyone what he learnt about the artefact and it is confirmed that Jahin, Fardin and Ashhab should leave Genesis once more, leaving Affan and most of their veteran troops and go south to retrieve the artefact, whilst Galec along with some of his elves return to the forest to bring the book which contains the required spell. Kraag is sent north to see how the other allies were doing.

Jahin and his men travel south for days and gather the aid of Amorith and her faeries. They keep to the forests and eventually see a battle between elves, dwarves and humans against the Chaos empire. The three sides are losing but the tides turn as Jahin and his men attack the Chaos army from the side. The Sand-land Coalition - the name of the alliance between the desert humans, elves and dwarves invite Jahin to meet the leaders of their alliance. Jahin and his men are taken inside the caves and eventually enter a beautifully cavern decorated with runes. They meet the Dwarven Arcanister, Glamatus, the elven chieftain, Norfildor, and the human leader, Jalin. Jahin is surprised to find that Jalin is no older than himself. A council is held and Glamatus reveals the location of the sapphire. Glamatus then tells the tale of a female mage who went to seek a flaming sword in that place and never returned. Hearing this, Jahin learns the faith of Ariana's mother. After attending a feast, Jahin and his men leave for the Realm of Fire, the location of both the sword and the stone. Jalin, intrigued by the sword's description, joins Jahin with his personal body guards. The dwarves sentries lead through a network of tunnels, arrive in front of a vast iron gate deep beneath the dwarves citadel. The allies prepare and breakdown the gates. The realm is a lava covered cavern with a sword resting on a stone in the centre. To Jahin's surprise, he finds Mor-Inal there. Mor-Inal binds the sword into a dragon, heads to a keep and starts to recruit. Jahin and Jalin fight their way towards Mor-Inal but the elementalist leaves saying that battle between him and Jahin was not to come yet. The humans then attack the warrior and defeat him. The warrior drops the sword saying that the sword is cursed and should be welded by a person worthy and willing to take the risk. Jalin, saying that he fears no curse, takes the sword. Jahin then fights his way to the stone and retrieves it. They return to the dwarven citadel and find that the eastern gate is almost is broken by the vampires. The heroes reinforce the east gate and conquer the vampires and woodlanders. Jahin takes his leave, saying that he has found what he was looking for. Before Jahin leaves, he offers Jalin to take his people to Genesis, where they may stay and help defend it. Jalin agrees as his old home was burned down by the demons. The party returns to Genesis only to find it surrounded by a horde of undead. Galec is already there with the book and he has place the book at a high tower. Ashhab says that he must reach the tower by the night to cast the spell. Jalin's troops distract the undead while Jahin and his men escort Ashhab to the high tower. Ashhab reaches the high tower and casts the spell. The sapphire rises high into the air and radiates a light equal to the intensity of the sun. Everything is covered in a white light and before anyone has a clue, the undead collapse and the curse is lifted. Kraag and Galec have already returned and a council is held. Due to his bravery and heroism, Jahin is named the Lord of New Genesis. Kraag reports that due to continuous defeats, the vampires are weakened enough to be attacked. It is decided by Lord Warren to attack the vampires head on. Sadia, Affan and Ashhab and half of the Genesis army remain at Genesis, while Jahin take the other half and march eastwards towards the Fort Bloodmore. Jalin and his men also join the attack. Galec, Amorith and Kraag are sent south to enlist the aid of the dwarves of King Glamatus and then start the attacks on the Forest of Anuvien - a forest to the far southeast and the final resting place of the mighty Elven Sorceress Anuvien. The allies attack Fort Bloodmore. The vampires are ambushed by the dwarves and the allies receive a quick victory. Jalin orders his men to stay at Bloodmore and help the dwarves defend it. Jahin and his men return to Genesis accompanied by Jalin who has left one of his loyal commanders in charge of the fort. When they arrive, they find Genesis under siege by a massive elemental army led by none other then Mor-Inal himself. Jalin requests the others to clear a path towards Morin for him. The battle starts. Jalin is successful at reaching Morin and manages to strike him down with the Dragonheart. Mor-Inal with his last breath destroys Jalin and resurrects himself as a Lich. He then resurrects Jalin as undead Death Knight and also resurrects Mahir as a Death Knight and adds that Jalin was willing to take the risk but he was not worthy to wield the mighty weapon and he disappears with the skeletal Jalin and Mahir challenging Jahin once more. Only the dragonheart remains on the ground, but it is now an ordinary sword. All the magic it contained had been used up. All the elementals collapsed and Genesis is free from another siege. While planning for new strategies, Jahin sends Kraag to the allied lands for news and scouting reports. Jahin and his men stay at New Genesis.

Few days afterwards, the humans receive an invitation by Lord Morfin as the elves have found a way to 'open the mountain.'  Excited at the thought of seeing the mountain open Jahin and his friends leave Genesis under the command of Affan, and go to the Last Forest. When they arrive at the Elvish Council building, Lord Morfin, approaches and tells that the elves have been researching some pages of the book and found a spell that should cause the mountain to open and allow light to enter. The ritual is performed, but there is a fault as the elvish spell casters recite the wrong page, meaning they cast the wrong spell. The whole forest is engulfed by a dark mist (although the mountains do open) and the woses are transformed into something evil, the Dark Woses. The woses start attacking and Morfin orders a full evacuation. Jahin and his friends help by fighting dark woses as the elves and the faeries are evacuated. The elves and humans escape from the cave and return to Genesis. Lord Morfin is depressed to know that another home is lost by the elves. Jahin tells him about the vast forest on the south-eastern region of the isle. Lord Morfin decides to take the remaining elves south and help Galec in his battles. The elves request him to aid them in the South but, Jahin decides to sit this battle out and remain at Genesis, but he sends Ashhab with them. While defending Genesis, Jahin and the rest encounter the main Chaos army led by the notorious Mal-Shirzo, head of the Iron Triad. The Chaos hordes seemed endless and Jahin and his army are nearly overwhelmed, Shirzo orders to cease attacking and says that, "Jahin, your end is not to come yet." The Demon Lady Nadia then casts a spell that sends Jahin, Fardin, Sadia, and a few other humans somewhere. The humans start organising their defences again under the command of Affan. Jahin and the rest find themselves in the realm of the Inferno. They explore and find out that they are in a battlefield where four demon lords are fighting in a civil war while their queen sleeps. Severely outnumbered, the humans offer themselves as mercenaries. After helping their employer win, they journey further into demon lands and manage to find Azura, the sage among the demons. Azura tells them that she can send them home, on the condition that Jahin must defeat Shirzo and destroy the portal to the Inferno located at the heart of the new Chaos Empire, explaining who Shirzo was or will be. Jahin willingly agrees. The heroes are then sent to their realm. Meanwhile, the elves under Galec and Lord Morfin have been attacking the vampires and woodlanders and have managed to get to the location of the portal. Just as the main battle is about to begin, Jahin and his friends arrive from the portal. Jahin immediately destroys the portal and orders the attacks on the enemies.

The enemy is being led by the Vampire Queen Anuvien (an Elvish Sorceress who was though to be dead). She proves to be a formidable adversary, only to be bested by Sadia. Right before her death, she casts a teleportation spell that sends her and Sadia somewhere, leaving Jahin and Fairuz baffled.

Episode 3 (Mid 2 YW)

A brief council is held and Jahin is given the Book of Ancients. The heroes then begin the journey homewards. They arrive at New Genesis and fight off the remaining Chaos guards. The population has survived by hiding in the city's underground caverns. Jahin and Fardin arrive at the northern most legion city and help Kojac and Gashinar destroy it. The allies then hold a council and it is decided that Jahin and Fardin will try to infiltrate the capital city while the orcs and drakes distract the legions. At the battle, Jahin spots an opening in the mountains leading directly into the Legion Capital and enters it there. Jahin clears the tunnel and then Fardin disguises himself and emerges into the Emperor's Castle. Fardin fails to assassinate the Emperor, but manages to escape by befriending Shifti, the daughter of the Emperor. As they promised the explorer, Perkins, Jahin and Kojac venture into the lands of the Snow Kingdom, while Gashinar returns to his lands.

They fight off the vanguard of the usurper's army. Kojac decides to take one route whilst Jahin takes the other of the side passages. Jahin rescues a mage, Sreeyoshee during his journey. They meet the princess at the northern city and help her fight off the enemy army. They then marched towards the usurper's palace and then dethrone her, with the help of Kojac. The princess awards Jahin with the resurrection stone (artefact that can be used to revive 2 lives in 24 hours). On his return to New Genesis, Jahin finds that the dwarves are here, and as refugees. Jahin offers then to stay inside the underground caverns. Jahin also recovers a weird sort of amulet that allows him to recruit nightmares and aberrations. After the winter, all the ally leaders arrive at New Genesis and the Alliance of Light is found. The long-awaited attack on the vampires is initialised.

The combined army of dwarves, orcs, trolls, saurians, goblins and humans attack the vampire twin cities and the battle is won when the human slaves revolt and join Jahin. After plundering the vampire cities Jahin decides to spilt his army. He sends the General Vigor and Aethunry - commander of the orcs and Jalin's men respectively — with Fardin, Ashhab and Shifti and his heavy infantry and cavalry. Jahin takes the rest northwards. Jahin kills his mother's killer and helps the Aragwaithi to reduce the vampire army. Being severely weakened, Lord Warren says that they would not be able to help Jahin any further. Jahin understands and takes his leave to reunite with the rest of his army. Jahin returns southwards and fights his way through a swamp. They find that the swamp is inhabited by undead and manage to find and revive Jalin. But, at the opportune moment, Mor-Inal arrives and vanishes with the Resurrection Stone. The army then arrives at the vampire southern city but find that the city has already been conquered by the Minotaurs. Jahin extends the arm of friendship but is met with bitter rejection. The minotaurs attack and Jahin orders retaliation. The Alliance of Light emerges victorious. The Minotaur lord begs for mercy and Jahin shows it, saying that, "You're not my enemy. The vampires are my real enemy." The Minotaur Lord, seeing his mistake, offers to aid Jahin and then the combined army marches south to help the elves repel the Chaos invasion force. The Alliance arrives only to find that the desert elven faction had been annihilated and only a few hundred wood elves remained - Amorith, Lady Amarang and Lord Morfin had been killed. Hearing this, Jahin is infuriated and orders for the Chaos Legions to be shown no mercy. A bitter war is fought and the entirety of the Chaos secondary army is obliterated along with the Storm Lady Nadia. Galec expresses his gratitude but refuses to aid Jahin further. Jahin understands and orders his army to set their march for the vampire capital. Jalin contacts the mermen who volunteer to guide the ships to the capital.

The allies perform an ambuscade and Jahin and his army manages to infiltrate the High Methusalem's palace and a fight ensues. Jahin is victorious, but the High Methusalem attempts to escape. Fardin intercepts, kills the High Methusalem from escaping, but his adversary lacerates Fardin and he is sent into the portal, which closes immediately. The entire island crumbles and the allies escape, as well as the vampires.

Arriving home, Jahin is met with grim news during the icy cold winter. The White Realm is no more for the Demon Lord Devan had somehow caused the landmass to sink to the depths. Kojac had been slain and the main Chaos Army had been substantially reduced. Gashinar and Cleezi had met their ends at the clutches of a Fire Dragon (Red One) and the Drakes had initiated attacks on the Orcs and Aragwaithi. General Vigor decides to go back to orcish lands and restore order to the warring tribes, whilst Jahin starts to prepare defences to combat the potential threat of the Drake Army. Krog also leaves to see to his people. Two months later, New Genesis is attacked by Mor-Inal, a resurrected Kaliban, and a female elementalist who is revealed to be Ariana - back from the dead (her death was faked) and she was the great granddaughter of Mor-Inal (what a twisted turn of events!). Jahin signals New Genesis to ready the defences. Preparations are made just in time, and a bitter battle ensues.

Sreeyoshee successfully slays Mor-Inal and the latter causes a lightning bolt to hit Jahin, rendering him unconscious. Mor-Inal tells that his grandfather, Razakel, has been revived with the Resurrection Stone and there is no hope left for Irdya. Sreeyoshee dismisses this as a hoax. Ariana retreats, and Kaliban is vanquished for good. With Jahin out of commission and under the care of Sreeyoshee, Jalin takes leadership duties. Jahin recovers within two months and attends the Alliance's council.

Kraag brings further news. There were no Chaos soldiers on the Wild Lands - all had been squashed by the trolls. The Aragwaithi had been driven out of Arkenova and the orcish cities had been destroyed, with the remaining tribes going underground to hide. The Drakes were now attacking the northern, which had already been devastated, and the capital cities of the new Chaos Empire. Jahin sees this as an opportunity and organises his army to attack the Empire. With the help of the Minotaurs, Trolls, Elves and Mermen, Jahin decimates the southernmost Chaos city and makes his way to the capital.

At the capital, there is already a battle being fought between Lord Devan and the Red One. The battle roars in favour of the Empire as Shirzo arrives in his ultimate form. The tides turn as Azura arrives in Irdya to set things right. After an epic battle, the Red Dragon and Shirzo are slain. The Drakes, rendered leaderless, retreat back northwards. Lord Devan is reluctant to admit defeat and is defeated soon afterwards. Azura starts closing the portal to Urvatha, and as she is about to return, she assures Jahin that everything would be back to normal as soon as Jahin kills the last of the Chaos remnants. Jahin has every imperialist executed and gives orders for the ruins of the cities to be destroyed entirely.

Jahin establishes trade routes to the troll city of Tugkron, the Minotaur city of Zetharon, and the elven citadel of Giovielia (named in honour of Gioviel). Sreeyoshee becomes a teacher of light magic. Ashhab serves as Jahin's adviser and a teacher of lightning magic. Jalin and Shifti marry and a year later, have a son. Jahin begins training his men for combat for he fears that a battle (which would decide the fate of Irdya) would come soon. 'The Legend Begins' ends.

